"The aim of science is to seek the simplest explanation of complex facts... Seek simplicity and distrust it." A. N. Whitehead

"Models should be as simple as possible, but not more so." Attributed to Einstein

"The sciences do not try to explain, they hardly even try to interpret, they mainly make models. By a model is meant a mathematical construct which, with the addition of certain verbal interpretations, describes observed phenomena. The justification of such a mathematical construct is solely and precisely that it is expected to work" John Von Neumann

"The only relevant test of the validity of a hypothesis is comparison of its predictions with experience." Milton Friedman

"Statistics are the heart of democracy." Simeon Strunsky
"Statistics are no substitute for judgment." Henry Clay

"The most important questions of life are, for the most part, really only problems of probability." Pierre Simon, Marquis de Laplace


"We must be careful not to confuse data with the abstractions we use to analyze them." William James
"Maturity is the capacity to endure uncertainty." John Finley



“essentially, the theory of probability is nothing but good common sense reduced to mathematics. It provides an exact appreciation of what sound minds feel with a kind of instinct, frequently without being able to account for it.” from Theory that Would Not Die, citing Laplace "Essai Philosophique"

“The propositions that are in doubt . . . constitute the most interesting part of science; every scientific advance involves a transition from complete ignorance, through a stage of partial knowledge based on evidence becoming gradually more conclusive, to the stage of practical certainty.” Theory that Would Not Die, citing Jeffreys (1939) \cite{Jeffreys39}

“There has not been a single date in the history of the law of gravitation when a modern significance test would not have rejected all laws [about gravitation] and left us with no law.”  Theory that Would Not Die, citing Jeffreys (1939) \cite{Jeffreys39}

